# SweetMelao
Sugar Raw mission is to offer an organic, affordable sweetener without sacrificing great taste. As consumers, we have already developed a taste for a sweet flavor that we cannot always satisfy without compromising our health. Sugar raw is an artisanal natural sweetener that retains all the natural benefits of sugarcane because it is directly extracted from panela. Panela is naturally dehydrated pure, unrefined, boiled whole sugar cane juice. People in Colombia use panela as an immune system booster and re-mineralizer of the body. Sugar Raw gives people a new flavor experience they can trust. Our sweetener is the result of an unprocessed, chemical-additive-free procedure of melting panela in water. Sugar raw has a **lower glycemic index** than sugar and a delicious caramel flavor with a honey-like consistency. The product also comes in powder. To use it, add sugar raw to any liquid or solid foods, including salads. Sugar Raw was born as an LLC in New Jersey in 2020. CEO Angela Hill created the Sugar Raw brand to produce and commercialize Sugar Raw liquid gluten-free featured sweetener, drinks, and snacks from the same main ingredient panela. Frustrated with the lack of an affordable natural sweetener, Angela noticed the gap in the American market for a sustainable alternative for a sweetener without sacrificing the great taste and pleasurable enjoyable sweet taste of sugar. 
## Business concept
Processed sugar overconsumption combined with other dietary components has significant linkages to increase the risk of getting some of the deadliest health conditions of modernity, such as high blood pressure, diabetes, overweight. The average adult should limit daily sugar consumption to about 12 teaspoons or 200 calories per health experts, but the typical sugar intake averages 17 teaspoons or 270 calories per individual. It is clear that we love and have developed a strong taste for sugar, which is not easy to quit. Think about the possibility of having access to an affordable, flavorful, free from animal exploitation, healthy sweetener that gives you the freedom of not compromising your health and satisfy your body’s sugar needs. Sugar Raw’s primary purpose is to benefit our customers and relieve their concerns about using chemical or additive-based sweeteners.
### Competitive Advantage
Sugar Raw substitutes chemical sweeteners and allows customers to enjoy the sweet taste in their food without adding artificial substances to their bodies. Sugar raw is seasonality proof because people use it for hot beverages -hot Guapanela,  in the winter to prevent or alleviate the common cold symptoms, and as a cold drink-cold Guapanela, during the rest of the year as a refreshing beverage. Additionally, our product strategy is to be diversified for the entire year. We are in the process of filing a utility patent to protect the elaboration of our product and differentiate it from organic sweetener competitors such as stevia, raw honey, and agave. Our competitive advantage is that we give customers a new way of adding delicious flavor to favorite drinks and foods without sacrificing taste or compromising health. We are democratizing access to a healthy sweetener thanks to our product affordability. Corporate social responsibility (CSR) is the foundation of our company. Our purpose is to become involved with social initiatives with our affiliate sugar cane farmers and panela producers. As a fair-trade business, we connect with rural panela producers from Colombia to buy directly from farmers allowing them to get a better price for their product. About 70,000 families derive their livelihoods from panela whose artisanal production methods are transferred from generation to generation.
